Automation providers.
[LAUGH] So yeah, like I said,
I was just about to talk
about Pulumi Cloud and
all these other ones.
I do think this is a pretty
accurate image [LAUGH] for
it because this is a scenario
where you want to do this,
where you want to say hey,
shut up and take my money, help me.
Just save me, make my life easier.
So, should you use an automation provider,
right?
We talked about should you run
a shell script over and over and over,
should I actually pay
the money to do this?
Because I am somebody who
had servers in his garage.
[LAUGH] I have run stuff on-prem
to pinch every penny I can, but
over the past, I would say a few years,
I've wanted to sleep more.
[LAUGH] I've wanted to do actually
go out and do things more.
And this is where, going back here,
this helps, right?
Because what you can do is you
can just say, take my money and
solve my problem for me, right?
Out-of-the box with automation providers,
they're gonna have standardized
practices already built in, right?
So Terraform Cloud, Pulumi Cloud, they
already know how they run their pipelines.
They already know how you can review
the pipelines, it's already built there.
You don't have to think about it,
it's a turnkey solution, right?
So if you're in a scenario where
we don't have any automation, or
we have no way of managing our automation.
Well, an automation provider could
actually be super helpful for you and
get a bunch of other stuff out of the box
that you might not even expect, right?
Another one that you've seen a lot,
collaboration features, right?
You do not want a single person
managing all of your infrastructure,
that is a fail point.
[LAUGH] And if they leave or anything
like that, you are in trouble, right?
So including collaboration in your
automation provider means I can
make changes, but then somebody else
can approve and apply them, right?
So, if you have different time zones,
you have different teams,
they can work together and
you don't have to be worried about,
is it gonna go safely to
where it needs to go?
And then there's also additional
features like cost management.
Some providers can look
at your AWS resources,
tell you how much your cost-effectiveness
is and stuff like that.
So there's a lot of value there.
Do you need to spend money on providers?
As I said before, no.
And again,
this is the biggest takeaway, but
it will help you focus money
on other problems, right?
So if you say, okay,
here is money towards this,
you don't have to worry
about those problems.
Yes, that money is allocated to that,
but it's not a problem.
It's just a financial thing, right?
That's easier to solve in a lot of ways.
Whereas when you go to another situation
and you need to solve it, well,
that money has been allocated.
We don't have to worry about it.
I don't have to be concerned about it.
And now I can say, hey,
can I take some other money and
put it towards this, right?
That argument becomes a lot easier
to convey and make possible.
The reality of it is the decision
is up to the organization, right?
The whole company should be able
to say what they think is, or
at least the people involved, right?
What if I don't want to spend
money on automation providers?
And this goes back to the whole, what if
I just want to run a for loop over and
over and over again, right?
Sure, you can build your own solutions.
Sure, you can use open source solutions,
and
you can even pay engineers to build
solutions, employers, or contractors.
However, and again,
this is where technology separates itself,
you have to also look at this
from a business standpoint.
No matter what, in pretty much any of
these solutions, or let me ask you this,
in any of these solutions
are you not spending money?
>> Always at least opportunity cost.
>> Yeah, is time valuable to you, right?
Do you wanna spend eight hours
in the trenches of automation?
No, [LAUGH] so no matter what,
you're gonna spend money on automation.
So where do you wanna spend it?
How can you make that easier, right?
So what are some automation providers?
Terraform Cloud, which is the one
we'll end up using, right?
There's Pulumi Cloud.
There's the Env0, Spacelift,
and other ones, right?
There are many more, but these
are probably the most common ones that
you're used to seeing or hearing about.
Terraform Cloud is, again, because
Terraform is the industry standard,
they were able to lean on top of that and
make Terraform Cloud an industry standard.
And this is, again,
what makes Terraform so great.
Not only can you use the CLI locally,
but then you can also go to their cloud
platform and everything works
automatically out of the box.
It maintains state of the infrastructure.
So, if you are creating resources, well,
where does that actual state go, right?
They take care of it for you,
their platform will actually
just host the state for you.
You don't have to be worried about that.
It provides access control features.
So out of the box, you get teams, you get
the ability to allow people to approve or
deny workflows.
And you don't have to be worried
if they can or can't do that,
you can build that into the platform,
and it also includes infrastructure.
So with Terraform Cloud,
you don't have to figure out, well,
what's gonna run my pipelines?
Terraform Cloud can actually do that for
you.
They have runners,
they have infrastructure there.
So out of the box,
you really just have to run code.
And I think that was their goal with
Terraform Cloud, was to be able to
just say, okay, I was working locally, now
let me move all this to the cloud, right?
And get all those benefits.
So Terraform Cloud is really
a great choice for small or
large companies that
are collaborating on infrastructure.
We use Terraform Cloud at Hippo.
I think it's awesome.
I really do love using it because I can
have somebody go make some changes,
and then they'll just copy and
paste me a link to the plan.
Then I can go look at that plan
when I want, and even if I want to,
I can approve it if I'm allowed to.
So it really allows you to
kind of keep moving and
keep collaborating well together.
Okay, Pulumi Cloud.
So Pulumi Cloud for starters is an [LAUGH]
alternative to Terraform Cloud, it is.
It does the same thing.
It maintains state of infrastructure
just like Terraform Cloud does.
So you do get that benefit.
You don't have to figure out, do I upload
it to a bucket or stuff like that.
However, and please, Pulumi Cloud,
if you're out there, change this,
there's no pipelines.
So with Pulumi Cloud,
they don't actually give you
the ability to run pipelines for you.
You have to go into your CI/CD,
have Pulumi run for
you, and then have that whole process.
So there is no real massive
collaborative value here.
Again, I hope that changes, but when
we talk about what Terraform can do in
collaboration versus right
now what Pulumi can do,
I would say Pulumi Cloud is much more.
If you just want something
that maintains your state and
you have existing pipeline, you've
already got a lot of this already built,
you just wanna plug in Pulumi, right?
It can run in the CI and it's really easy.
So it's great with existing pipelines and
hosting and things like that.
Env0, Spacelift, and others.
So why I separated Terraform and
Pulumi Cloud from these is because,
yes, they are alternative
to Terraform Cloud.
But on the third line is
the most important one,
which is normally these
providers can actually run both.
So what's really interesting about this
is these providers can say, all right,
run some Terraform and then after that
run some Pulumi code, or after that,
go do something else.
So we actually evaluated Env0 at Hippo.
It's a really good platform, I think.
We didn't end up using it just because,
again, it didn't fit our use cases, right?
But if we were using both Terraform and
Pulumi and we wanted to glue those
two together, Env0, Spacelift,
these providers actually really
do a good job of gluing those two
together, which is really nice.
[LAUGH] So how do I choose, right?
This is always the problem, it is,
this is always the problem.
How do I choose?
I get this question so
much in chat when I'm streaming.
You seem to know all of this,
how can I know this, right?
Well, I'm gonna show you.
First one, like always, focus on the
problems you're actually trying to solve.
What does that mean?
Well, if you create an account
with Terraform Cloud,
is that gonna get you to your
resources faster or slower?
If it gets you slower, don't do it,
[LAUGH] focus on the problem
you're trying to solve.
Don't create new problems in the way for
you.
And that's something that devs do a lot,
which is, we're all, I would say,
a little bit distractible.
[LAUGH] And everyone here I think can
agree to I started something, and
then I got sidetracked, I went
a completely different direction, and
then I forgot where I
originally came from.
And then I came back to it and
then I was able to fix it, right?
Just keep your focus on what
you're trying to solve so
you don't have to deal with
other things to investigate.
Focus on the tools that
you're already using.
So if you get to the first one and
you're just like,
you can still focus on the tools
that you're already using.
So if your house, it's really,
really single tool use case and
some of those other specific,
or require, what's it called?
Aspects that I mentioned earlier,
then that can help you.
Your previous tools and how you build
things before can help you decide how you
wanna build things going forward, right?
And that can help you choose.
And then focus on the features
you need first, right?
This is a big one.
A lot of people, like I said before, will
look at providers and things like that and
just see a shiny light or something,
and they'll be like, look at all these.
But you're not gonna use
most of those things.
[LAUGH] Most of the time people don't.
Most of the time people will go to
a provider and be like, it's so
awesome, but
it's almost more of a braggability thing
than the actual practical use
of what the provider does.
It's okay to just use a provider for
a simple use case.
It's totally fine,
just focus on what you need.